Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to generate a video from a video
using AI. For example, I want to
generate this uh type of video. We have
mine
world map, the countries that hits Iran
and left Iran. Okay. How to do this
style? How to style it and use your own
style to do that? First you need to
download a video. For example, I
download this video from the YouTube.
Okay. Next, I want to go to this Hian
AI. This is the only AI
in the internet can do this uh work. All
the other AIS is do it. image to video,
text to video generator. This is the one
for the others. This uh to generate a
video from video. It's not free.
But uh this AI it's limited five video
per account. You can create multiple
account to get the best result. Okay,
first thing first. Let's go here.com.
Sign up.
You can use your Google account. Okay,
let's choose my Google account.
Continue.
Okay, fine. Uh for the free you can
access base model three videos per
month.
Uh one video is 1 minute only 3 minutes.
Okay, you can make uh 10 account uh 30
minutes. That's good for short video.
Okay, let's shoot this free.
Okay, personal
obience creator
Instagram.
Use anyone.
Okay.
Tik Tok or video marketing.
Okay. I think it's done.
Okay. Let's go here. We have here
the videos.
Auto.
I want to choose 60 seconds. Okay. This
one is
landscape.
and the other. Okay,
you can add text to video or you can
choose
uploads as
image reference or video reference. This
is only uh as I said this is only yet
you can use a video as a reference to
generate another video. Okay. Go to
video. All countries
hates or loves Iran. You can get prompt
from here.
What's the problem?
Open it.
Okay. Why it's not works? Okay. Let's
see what's the problem. Let's go here to
video agent
and let's import from there.
Okay, fine.
Now
I want
let's get prompt. I want you need
video
with
the same style
or people
or countries
and 80s
You ask it.
My it's thinking right now.
Okay. Finally, topic countries that
loves and hate USA people in geography
and politic.
Okay. Generation portray
avatar.
Okay.
What's this problem? This
work is uh I don't understand what's how
it works the video. Okay. Uh let's go
caption now. Would you like to proceed
with the plan? Type yes to continue.
Okay. Yes.
Okay. Close.
Yes.
Okay. It works.
Okay. Our uh video agent is working on
your video. Understanding your vision,
analyzing, reviewing, references,
gathering additional information. It
takes some time uh to make this video
Okay, your video is being generated.
Okay, for the generating of this video,
let's take it between 10 and five 15 um
units and still generating.
Let's wait 1 minute or 2 minute to see
the result of this video.
Okay, fine. Uh the video is generated.
Let's see.
>> Global opinions on the USA are diverse.
Median 59% favorable. Strong support in
Eastern Europe and Africa. Negative
views in Middle East Asia. Russia and
China low favorability. Tensions.
Perceptions vary by alliances, economy,
events.
Okay, it's 18 minute only. Uh, okay.
Thank you guys for watching. This is all
for this tutorial. How to generate video
on video using
AI. Okay, you can generate unlimited
video using uh another plugin like UI or
you can use create uh AI agents using
Zapier on N8